paws-README.md, before:

# Description:
paws is a tool that makes it easier to connect to and work with AWS EC2 instances.  First, it uses the aws cli tool to query an account for running ec2-instances.  Next, it either returns a list of instances, connects to an individual instance, or runs commands on one or more of them.

Caution is advised!  (A good sanity check before running any command is using the -l option to see which hosts you're targeting).

## Setup:

You'll need to install awscli and pdsh if you haven't already.  For OS X, you can install both with homebrew, which can be installed with:
`/usr/bin/ruby -e "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/master/install)"`

```
brew install awscli
```
and
```
brew install --with-genders pdsh
```

You'll also need to configure the aws cli tool.  You can run `aws configure` for interactive setup, where you'll need to provide your AWS credentials a default region and a profile name.  For more info, see http://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-chap-getting-started.html

Key management:
Finally, paws needs to know where to find your SSH keys.  There are two methods for paws to find the keys, one is to collect all the instance access keys into one common shared directory. This common directory is defined in the environment (dcCOMMON_SHARED_DIR) when dcUtils was installed.  Change the value of this variable to point to the directory that houses your keys as required by your local environment.

The second method is to provide the --appName and --env on the paws command line.  This will specify the application and environment to use to look up the key in the appropriate keys directory in the appName-utils directory structure.  The keys are created at the time of instance creation and using this method will require no further external copying. 

## Usage:
* **List all instances, or instances and their tags:**  
   `paws [-p PROFILE] {-l | -L}`  
    -p	aws cli PROFILE  
    -l	no argument, returns a list of all instances  
    -L	no argument, returns a list of all instances and their tags  

* **Connect to a host interactively:**  
   `paws [-p PROFILE] -c`  
   -p	aws cli PROFILE  
   -c	no argument, displays a list of hosts and prompts for selection  

* **Connect to a specified host:**  
   `paws [-p PROFILE] -c HOST`  
   -p	aws cli PROFILE  
   -c	aws Name to log into with SSH  

* **Run a command on one or more instances in parallel, using a list of names:**  
   `paws [-p PROFILE] -x HOST1,HOST2 '<COMMAND>'`  
   -p	aws cli PROFILE 
   -x	list of hosts, separated by commas  

* **Run a command on one or more instances in parallel, using tags:**  
   `paws [-p PROFILE] -t KEY=VALUE '<COMMAND>'`  
   -p	aws cli PROFILE  
   -t	tag KEY and VALUE pairs, in the form of KEY=VALUE  

* **Run a command on all instances in parallel:**  
   `paws [-p PROFILE] '<COMMAND>'`  
   -p	aws cli PROFILE  

## Examples:
  * List tags for all instances for the default account:  `paws -L`  
  * Interactively connect to an instance for the client1 account:  `paws -p client1 -c`  
  * Connect to the web1 instance for the client1 account:  `paws -p client1 -c web1`  
  * Run the 'hostname' command on all instances for the client1 account:  `paws -p client1 'hostname'`  
  * Run the 'ls' command on the web1 and web2 instances for the client1 account:  `paws -p client1 -x web1,web2 'ls'`  
  * Run the 'w' command on instances tagged as Env=dev for the client1 account:  `paws -p client1 -t Env=dev 'w'`  
  * Run the 'date' command on instances tagged as Name=db1 for the default account:  `paws -t Name=db1 'date'` 
  * Check your ssh access to each of the hosts: `paws -p client1 [-r REGION] -x`

## Note:
For bulk commands to run you will either need to configure ssh to not prompt for unknown hosts, or add all possible hosts to known_hosts.

If there are any errors with an ssh login that can not be cleared by checking the host access, then you'll need to either connect to each host that has an error (to add to the known_hosts file) or configure ssh to not prompt for a new host. To do the latter add this line to the end of the ~/.ssh/config:
  * `Host *
      StrictHostKeyChecking no`

Commit message:

change the last sentence that describes the dcCOMMON_SHARED_DIR.

paws-README.md, after:

# Description:
paws is a tool that makes it easier to connect to and work with AWS EC2 instances.  First, it uses the aws cli tool to query an account for running ec2-instances.  Next, it either returns a list of instances, connects to an individual instance, or runs commands on one or more of them.

Caution is advised!  (A good sanity check before running any command is using the -l option to see which hosts you're targeting).

## Setup:

You'll need to install awscli and pdsh if you haven't already.  For OS X, you can install both with homebrew, which can be installed with:
`/usr/bin/ruby -e "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/master/install)"`

```
brew install awscli
```
and
```
brew install --with-genders pdsh
```

You'll also need to configure the aws cli tool.  You can run `aws configure` for interactive setup, where you'll need to provide your AWS credentials a default region and a profile name.  For more info, see http://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-chap-getting-started.html

Key management:
Finally, paws needs to know where to find your SSH keys.  There are two methods for paws to find the keys, one is to collect all the instance access keys into one common shared directory. This common directory is defined in the environment (dcCOMMON_SHARED_DIR) when dcUtils was installed.  This value will serve as the base directory when looking up where the shared keys are.

The second method is to provide the --appName and --env on the paws command line.  This will specify the application and environment to use to look up the key in the appropriate keys directory in the appName-utils directory structure.  The keys are created at the time of instance creation and using this method will require no further external copying. 

## Usage:
* **List all instances, or instances and their tags:**  
   `paws [-p PROFILE] {-l | -L}`  
    -p	aws cli PROFILE  
    -l	no argument, returns a list of all instances  
    -L	no argument, returns a list of all instances and their tags  

* **Connect to a host interactively:**  
   `paws [-p PROFILE] -c`  
   -p	aws cli PROFILE  
   -c	no argument, displays a list of hosts and prompts for selection  

* **Connect to a specified host:**  
   `paws [-p PROFILE] -c HOST`  
   -p	aws cli PROFILE  
   -c	aws Name to log into with SSH  

* **Run a command on one or more instances in parallel, using a list of names:**  
   `paws [-p PROFILE] -x HOST1,HOST2 '<COMMAND>'`  
   -p	aws cli PROFILE 
   -x	list of hosts, separated by commas  

* **Run a command on one or more instances in parallel, using tags:**  
   `paws [-p PROFILE] -t KEY=VALUE '<COMMAND>'`  
   -p	aws cli PROFILE  
   -t	tag KEY and VALUE pairs, in the form of KEY=VALUE  

* **Run a command on all instances in parallel:**  
   `paws [-p PROFILE] '<COMMAND>'`  
   -p	aws cli PROFILE  

## Examples:
  * List tags for all instances for the default account:  `paws -L`  
  * Interactively connect to an instance for the client1 account:  `paws -p client1 -c`  
  * Connect to the web1 instance for the client1 account:  `paws -p client1 -c web1`  
  * Run the 'hostname' command on all instances for the client1 account:  `paws -p client1 'hostname'`  
  * Run the 'ls' command on the web1 and web2 instances for the client1 account:  `paws -p client1 -x web1,web2 'ls'`  
  * Run the 'w' command on instances tagged as Env=dev for the client1 account:  `paws -p client1 -t Env=dev 'w'`  
  * Run the 'date' command on instances tagged as Name=db1 for the default account:  `paws -t Name=db1 'date'` 
  * Check your ssh access to each of the hosts: `paws -p client1 [-r REGION] -x`

## Note:
For bulk commands to run you will either need to configure ssh to not prompt for unknown hosts, or add all possible hosts to known_hosts.

If there are any errors with an ssh login that can not be cleared by checking the host access, then you'll need to either connect to each host that has an error (to add to the known_hosts file) or configure ssh to not prompt for a new host. To do the latter add this line to the end of the ~/.ssh/config:
  * `Host *
      StrictHostKeyChecking no`
