README.md, before:

# Devops.Center: dcUtils

The devops.center framework for creating applications is an easy way to minimize
the effort necessary to deploy the application while freeing up the developer
to focus more on the application code.  The environment provides a solid repeatable
framework that also makes it easy to move from one environment to another
(for example from dev->QA->production) using the same code in each
environment.  This is achieved by utilizing the devops.center framework of which
one of the packages is dcUtils.  dcUtils is described here.

## High level flow for a brand new installation:

    - run RUN-ME-FIRST.sh    This script will step through a series of questions
      that your answers will set some initial defaults and create the necessary
      user information within the cloud system.  This will clone the devops.center
      dcUtils which has the scripts that you will utilize to interact with the 
      devops.center framework and the cloud instances for your application.
    - during RUN-ME-FIRST.sh a local directory will be created that will be the base
      for the application directory structure that will be created by manageApp.py.
      If you choose an existing directory note that you will have to provide the name of the
      application with each dcUtils command as it will search that directory for 
      the application and if it finds other directories it will not know how to use them 
    - RUN-ME-FIRST.sh will also set up the dcUTILS environment variable and also put the
      path to dcUtils in the $PATH environment variable. This script will also ask you to 
      put the command to 'source ~/.dcConfig/settings' into your shell rc file.  Which rc
      file you need to put it in will be dependent on which shell you execute in on a normal
      basis, when interacting with a command line.  Once this file is source, you can access
      any of the scripts in dcUtils from anywhere on your local machine.  NOTE: it will also
      add to the environemnt variable $PYTHONPATH, so if you utilize this variable you should
      check it after the source command has been executed and adjust it if it needs it. 
    - Create the application by using manageApp.py with the create command and 
      an application name.  This will create a standardized directory structure that
      houses configurations and keys for the different environemnts that the application
      will run in.  There will be two main directories one for the frontend application
      and another for the utility configurations.  Once it is determined to be an 
      appropriate state the two directories can be pushed to a git repository.
      This will put it in a state that others than can join in development on the
      code as explained in the Joining Development section
    - Change directory to the newly created directory structure and navigate to the
      appName-utils/environments directory.
    - Edit personal.env as appropriate
    - Edit the local.env and add the SYSLOG_SERVER, SYSLOG_PORT and SYSLOG_PROTO
      definitions. devops.center has examples of the values that would go into these
      variables when using papertrail, but it can be anything you use for your combined
      log service. And add the PGPOOL_CONFIG_FILE as well.
    - Execute the deployenv.sh script to set up the environment for the application.
    - Execute start.sh

### High level flow for joining development already in progress

    - run RUN-ME-FIRST.sh    This script will step through a series of questions
      that your answers will set some initial defaults and create the necessary
      user information within the cloud system.  This will clone the devops.center
      dcUtils which has the scripts that you will utilize to interact with the 
      devops.center framework and the cloud instances for your application.
    - during RUN-ME-FIRST.sh a local directory will be created that will be the base
      for the application directory structure that will be created by manageApp.py.
      If you choose an existing directory note that you will have to provide the name of the
      application with each dcUtils command as it will search that directory for 
      the application and if it finds other directories it will not know how to use them 
    - Join the application by using manageApp.py with the join command using a
      base directory path to be used to put the application directory structure in
          This will do a git clone of the already existing app and utils repository
          for this application
    - The values in the configs are probably set appropriately as they were created
      by the original developer when the application was created.  The exception
      is the configs that are personal to the individual developer.  This is
      located in the app-name-utils/environments directory in the personal.env
      file
    - Change directory to the appName-utils/environments directory.
    - Edit the personal.env file and change it as needed.
    - Run deployenv.sh to set up the environment for the application.
    - Modify the docker-compose.yml as necessary
    - Execute start.sh

### Prerequisites

What things you need to install the software and how to install them

```
awscli
```

### Installing

#### run RUN-ME-FIRST.sh
The devops.center application framework is manipulated by the scripts that are
found in the devopscenter/dcUtils repository on github.com. This is cloned 
during the initial install script: RUN-ME-FIRST.sh.  This will be placed into 
a shared directory and you will execute it from there.  It will ask a series
of questions, what is your application name, what do you want for your username 
to be in the cloud environment, what directory do you want dcUtils cloned to,
what directory do you want for your application development, etc.   The last 
step to RUN-ME-FIRST.sh is that a line will need to be added to your shell rc
file, such that a couple of new environemnt variables may be introduced to your
command line sessions.  You will need to determine which rc file that you need to 
put the source command in as it is dependent on which shell you use when
interacting with the command line in a terminal window.  The line to put will 
be 'source $HOME/.dcConfig/settings', of note it will add the dcUtils path to the
$PATH variable, so that you can execute the dcUtils scripts from anywhere within
your local machine.

```
RUN-ME-FIRST.sh
```

#### The local directory structure
In order for the devops.center framework to keep track of the files associated with
an application it is required that a directory be identified/created to house the
application directory structure.  This will be the base directory for any/all
of the applications that will be created. Make note of this location as this will
be used in the next step
NOTE: if you choose to use an existing directory that has existing files in it,
you will need to add the --appName applicationName option to single out the
specific directory for your application.

#### *(new applications)* Create the application
In order to create a new application the script manageApp.py needs to be run.  This
script is located in the devops.center dcUtils directory.  The scripts can be accessed
from anywhere once the source command mentioned above is executed for your terminal
session.

Execute the script:

    manageApp.py -a appName -c create

where the options are:

    -a appName                   # the application name you have chosen
    -c create                    # the command of create

Doing a create will take the arguments and create a new directory in the base
directory and use the appName as the name of the directory.  The base directory
is stored in .dcConfig/baseDirectory which will be created (if it doesn't exist)
in your $HOME directory.  Initially, the base directory is retrieved from the
~/.dcConfig/settings that is created when you run RUN-ME-FIRST.sh.  

There will be prompt that you will need to answer about the frontend of the application.
In most applications the front end is implemented as a web page, so the default is
listed as the application name  with a suffix of -web attached to it.  This doesn't
have to be taken and you can provide any name you want.  Or, if you happen to already
have the front end code available in some other location on your machine then that
name can be used.  You will need to provide the full absolute path to that code at
the prompt and that location will be symbolically linked to this directory structure.
Or, if you want to accept the default just hit return.

A last prompt will be to ask which devops.center unique stack name is to be used for
the web (and worker) component of the application.  This is the ID of the stack number
that contains the necessary code modules that you will need to use for your application.
You can look at the repository of available stacks and choose the one that best suits
your needs.

After that the directory structure will be built with the applicationName-utils fully
fleshed out with sane defaults.


#### *(existing applications)* Join the development
If there is already an existing application repository and you will be joining
in on the development, then you will run the manageApp.py script with the same options
except the command to run will be join. This will clone the application
repository from github.

Execute the script:

    manageApp.py -a appName -c create

where the options are:

    -a appName                   # the application name you have chosen
    -c join                      # the command for joining an existing development
                                 # effort
    --appPath                     # repository for an existing app directory
    --utilsPath                   # repository for an existing utils directory

The use case for using the join command is to add a developer to a an existing
application development effort.  There would be an initial developer that will
create the application framework by running manageApp.py with a create and will
subsequently create a repository for each of the application directory and the
utils directory.  They probably would have set up the configurations and may
have done work on setting up the application and then checked it all in.  Then
a new developer comes along to assist, and they will run the manageApp.py on
their development machine with a  command of join.  They will enter the appPath
repository name for the --appPath parameter and the utilsPath for the --utilsPath
parameter.  The appPath and utilsPath can EITHER be a git repo URL or an absolute
path to an existing application or utils directory that you already have.  This 
will create the application directory structure to allow the new devleoper to 


#### Edit personal.env
There are several environment files that are used to set up a session for an application.
There is a common.env that is provided by the devops.center framework and resides in
the dcUtils/environment directory.  These are settings that are geared more for the
devops.center framework and probably will not be overwritten or changed.  Then there
is a environment specific file that is located in the appName/appName-utils/environments
directory. This environment specific file allows you to define settings that are
associated with that environment (possibly being different between environments).

And then there is the personal.env file.  This is where you can put the settings that
you would like to be specific to your development and meant to be different from others
on your team.  This will will be ignored when working with git.

Of special note about these is the order in which they are read in; common, the environment
specific one and then the personal. If a variable appears in two of the env files, the one
in the file that is read in last will be the one with the value when it is written to the 
appName-utils/environments/.genereratedEnvFile/dcEnv-appName-ENV file.

So, you can either update the environment specific file or you can do the personal.env
file.  

#### Run deployenv.sh
After you have the environment files how you want them, than it is time to collect all
of them and create one file to be used for the session that you will run the application
in.  This process will take the common.env file and merge it with the specific env file.
This will take the variables defined in the env specific file and overwrite any duplicate
settings found in the common.env. All other variables will be added to a resultant file.
Then it will then take that resultant file and merge it with the personal.env.  This
will take the variables define in the personal.env file and overwrite any duplicate
settings found the resultant file.   And any new variables will be added.

The end result is one file that has all the variables in all three env files merged
together, with any duplicated variables having the value in the last env file that it
was found in.  The resultant file will then be placed in the directory:

    /baseDirectory/appName/appName-utils/environments/.generatedEnvFiles

The script and arguments to set up this environment file is(from within dcUtils):

    deployenv.sh --type TYPE --env ENV --appName THE_APPLICATION_NAME

where the options are:

    --type TYPE                          # TYPE is one of instance or docker
    --env ENV                            # ENV is one of local, dev, staging, prod
    --appName THE_APPLICATION_NAME  # application name you have wish to configure
                                         # the environment for

For local development the options will be --type docker --env local (which are both
the default values so if you are building for this enviornment than you don't have to
specify the optinos)  and then whatever you have as the appName will be the value for
the appName argument. 

#### Modify the docker-compose.yml
A basic template is provided for the docker-compose.yml and is placed in the directory:

    /baseDirectory/appName/appName-utils/config/local

This will need to reflect the services that you are using for the application.
Most likely the only thing you would have to do with these is to comment out a container
if you are not going to be using it for your local development if assistance is needed,
reach out to devops.center support.

#### Start the application
At this point all the necessary administrative duties have been addressed and starting
the application is as simple as using the command (from within dcUtils):

    start-dc-containers.sh

NOTE: if you have multiple applications in your base directory you will need to add
the --appName option to signify which one you are starting

#### Stop the application
And then to stop the application (from within dcUtils):

    stop-dc-containers.sh

NOTE: if you have multilpe applications in your base directory you will need to add
the --appName option to signify which one you are stopping

### Multiple base directories - Work Spaces
By default the idea of working with the devops.center environment is that there is 
one default workspace named: default.  This default workspace has a directory 
associated with it, and all the applications would reside side by side in this
directory.  By doing this, it is easier to automate setting up environment variables
specific to an application.  The framework knows this because the information is 
written in: $HOME/.dcConfig/baseDirectory.  When you create your first application
this file will be constructed and the directory will placed into the file with the
workspace name set to 'default'.  

If you have the need or desire to support multiple workspaces (say you have two 
customers or you just want to keep two or more applications separate), you can use
the --workspaceName (-w) option on any of the scripts and specify the workspace you
want to reference.  The script will read the $HOME/.dcConfig/baseDirectory file and
determine the base path for that name and use it appropriately.  You will need to 
use the --baseDirectory (-d) option when building a new application with  manageApp.py 
and using the --workspaceName option.  This should be the only time you would need to
add the --baseDirectory option with manageApp.py

Also, if you are going to be doing a lot of work in this workspace you can use the
switchWorkspace.sh script to change the default workspace to this name.  Then you 
would not have to give the --workspaceName option each time you execute a script.
To set the default to the new workspaceName execute:

    switchWorkspace.sh -n new-name

If you don't provide an option it will give you a help message and show you what the
current default workspace name is.  If you want to go back to the default unnamed 
workspace, enter the word "default" as the new name.


#### Additional information on the internals of dcUtils
- process_dc_env.py
This script will take the key/value pairs from the environment files and
make them available to the running script's environment.  The process that is
used to get those key/value pairs into the environment may have an impact on
values that have spaces in them.  In order to selectively isolate the items for
the value with spaces, the value is quoted.  So, there is a possibility that
the downstream use/access to these values may need to be aware of these quotes
and strip them if necessary.  This is intended to be used by either shell
scripts of python scripts.  See the test scripts in ${dcUTILS}/tests for
examples of each type of script and the usage.


TODO ... need more 

- appName/.dcMapDir

- appName/environments/.generatedEnvFiles

- unique stack name


## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://gist.github.com/PurpleBooth/b24679402957c63ec426) for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to us.

## Versioning

We use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning. For the versions available, see the [tags on this repository](https://github.com/your/project/tags). 

## Authors

* **Bob Lozano** - *Initial work* 
* **Josh NAME** - *Initial work*
* **Trey NAME** - *refinements for version 1*
* **Gregg Jensen** - *refinements and extension for version2* 


## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

## Acknowledgments

* Hat tip to anyone who's code was used
* Inspiration
* etc

Commit message:

update the documentation around how to start the local development environment using docker containers.

README.md, after:

# Devops.Center: dcUtils

The devops.center framework for creating applications is an easy way to minimize
the effort necessary to deploy the application while freeing up the developer
to focus more on the application code.  The environment provides a solid repeatable
framework that also makes it easy to move from one environment to another
(for example from dev->QA->production) using the same code in each
environment.  This is achieved by utilizing the devops.center framework of which
one of the packages is dcUtils.  dcUtils is described here.

## High level flow for a brand new installation:

    - run RUN-ME-FIRST.sh    This script will step through a series of questions
      that your answers will set some initial defaults and create the necessary
      user information within the cloud system.  This will clone the devops.center
      dcUtils which has the scripts that you will utilize to interact with the 
      devops.center framework and the cloud instances for your application.
    - during RUN-ME-FIRST.sh a local directory will be created that will be the base
      for the application directory structure that will be created by manageApp.py.
      If you choose an existing directory note that you will have to provide the name of the
      application with each dcUtils command as it will search that directory for 
      the application and if it finds other directories it will not know how to use them 
    - RUN-ME-FIRST.sh will also set up the dcUTILS environment variable and also put the
      path to dcUtils in the $PATH environment variable. This script will also ask you to 
      put the command to 'source ~/.dcConfig/settings' into your shell rc file.  Which rc
      file you need to put it in will be dependent on which shell you execute in on a normal
      basis, when interacting with a command line.  Once this file is source, you can access
      any of the scripts in dcUtils from anywhere on your local machine.  NOTE: it will also
      add to the environemnt variable $PYTHONPATH, so if you utilize this variable you should
      check it after the source command has been executed and adjust it if it needs it. 
    - Create the application by using manageApp.py with the create command and 
      an application name.  This will create a standardized directory structure that
      houses configurations and keys for the different environemnts that the application
      will run in.  There will be two main directories one for the frontend application
      and another for the utility configurations.  Once it is determined to be an 
      appropriate state the two directories can be pushed to a git repository.
      This will put it in a state that others than can join in development on the
      code as explained in the Joining Development section
    - Change directory to the newly created directory structure and navigate to the
      appName-utils/environments directory.
    - Edit personal.env as appropriate
    - Edit the local.env and add the SYSLOG_SERVER, SYSLOG_PORT and SYSLOG_PROTO
      definitions. devops.center has examples of the values that would go into these
      variables when using papertrail, but it can be anything you use for your combined
      log service. And add the PGPOOL_CONFIG_FILE as well.
    - Execute the deployenv.sh script to set up the environment for the application.
    - To start in the local development environment with docker containers, execute:
       start-dc-containers.sh

### High level flow for joining development already in progress

    - run RUN-ME-FIRST.sh    This script will step through a series of questions
      that your answers will set some initial defaults and create the necessary
      user information within the cloud system.  This will clone the devops.center
      dcUtils which has the scripts that you will utilize to interact with the 
      devops.center framework and the cloud instances for your application.
    - during RUN-ME-FIRST.sh a local directory will be created that will be the base
      for the application directory structure that will be created by manageApp.py.
      If you choose an existing directory note that you will have to provide the name of the
      application with each dcUtils command as it will search that directory for 
      the application and if it finds other directories it will not know how to use them 
    - Join the application by using manageApp.py with the join command using a
      base directory path to be used to put the application directory structure in
          This will do a git clone of the already existing app and utils repository
          for this application
    - The values in the configs are probably set appropriately as they were created
      by the original developer when the application was created.  The exception
      is the configs that are personal to the individual developer.  This is
      located in the app-name-utils/environments directory in the personal.env
      file
    - Change directory to the appName-utils/environments directory.
    - Edit the personal.env file and change it as needed.
    - Run deployenv.sh to set up the environment for the application.
    - Modify the docker-compose.yml as necessary
    - To start in the local development environment with docker containers, execute:
       start-dc-containers.sh

### Prerequisites

What things you need to install the software and how to install them

```
awscli
```

### Installing

#### run RUN-ME-FIRST.sh
The devops.center application framework is manipulated by the scripts that are
found in the devopscenter/dcUtils repository on github.com. This is cloned 
during the initial install script: RUN-ME-FIRST.sh.  This will be placed into 
a shared directory and you will execute it from there.  It will ask a series
of questions, what is your application name, what do you want for your username 
to be in the cloud environment, what directory do you want dcUtils cloned to,
what directory do you want for your application development, etc.   The last 
step to RUN-ME-FIRST.sh is that a line will need to be added to your shell rc
file, such that a couple of new environemnt variables may be introduced to your
command line sessions.  You will need to determine which rc file that you need to 
put the source command in as it is dependent on which shell you use when
interacting with the command line in a terminal window.  The line to put will 
be 'source $HOME/.dcConfig/settings', of note it will add the dcUtils path to the
$PATH variable, so that you can execute the dcUtils scripts from anywhere within
your local machine.

```
RUN-ME-FIRST.sh
```

#### The local directory structure
In order for the devops.center framework to keep track of the files associated with
an application it is required that a directory be identified/created to house the
application directory structure.  This will be the base directory for any/all
of the applications that will be created. Make note of this location as this will
be used in the next step
NOTE: if you choose to use an existing directory that has existing files in it,
you will need to add the --appName applicationName option to single out the
specific directory for your application.

#### *(new applications)* Create the application
In order to create a new application the script manageApp.py needs to be run.  This
script is located in the devops.center dcUtils directory.  The scripts can be accessed
from anywhere once the source command mentioned above is executed for your terminal
session.

Execute the script:

    manageApp.py -a appName -c create

where the options are:

    -a appName                   # the application name you have chosen
    -c create                    # the command of create

Doing a create will take the arguments and create a new directory in the base
directory and use the appName as the name of the directory.  The base directory
is stored in .dcConfig/baseDirectory which will be created (if it doesn't exist)
in your $HOME directory.  Initially, the base directory is retrieved from the
~/.dcConfig/settings that is created when you run RUN-ME-FIRST.sh.  

There will be prompt that you will need to answer about the frontend of the application.
In most applications the front end is implemented as a web page, so the default is
listed as the application name  with a suffix of -web attached to it.  This doesn't
have to be taken and you can provide any name you want.  Or, if you happen to already
have the front end code available in some other location on your machine then that
name can be used.  You will need to provide the full absolute path to that code at
the prompt and that location will be symbolically linked to this directory structure.
Or, if you want to accept the default just hit return.

A last prompt will be to ask which devops.center unique stack name is to be used for
the web (and worker) component of the application.  This is the ID of the stack number
that contains the necessary code modules that you will need to use for your application.
You can look at the repository of available stacks and choose the one that best suits
your needs.

After that the directory structure will be built with the applicationName-utils fully
fleshed out with sane defaults.


#### *(existing applications)* Join the development
If there is already an existing application repository and you will be joining
in on the development, then you will run the manageApp.py script with the same options
except the command to run will be join. This will clone the application
repository from github.

Execute the script:

    manageApp.py -a appName -c create

where the options are:

    -a appName                   # the application name you have chosen
    -c join                      # the command for joining an existing development
                                 # effort
    --appPath                     # repository for an existing app directory
    --utilsPath                   # repository for an existing utils directory

The use case for using the join command is to add a developer to a an existing
application development effort.  There would be an initial developer that will
create the application framework by running manageApp.py with a create and will
subsequently create a repository for each of the application directory and the
utils directory.  They probably would have set up the configurations and may
have done work on setting up the application and then checked it all in.  Then
a new developer comes along to assist, and they will run the manageApp.py on
their development machine with a  command of join.  They will enter the appPath
repository name for the --appPath parameter and the utilsPath for the --utilsPath
parameter.  The appPath and utilsPath can EITHER be a git repo URL or an absolute
path to an existing application or utils directory that you already have.  This 
will create the application directory structure to allow the new devleoper to 


#### Edit personal.env
There are several environment files that are used to set up a session for an application.
There is a common.env that is provided by the devops.center framework and resides in
the dcUtils/environment directory.  These are settings that are geared more for the
devops.center framework and probably will not be overwritten or changed.  Then there
is a environment specific file that is located in the appName/appName-utils/environments
directory. This environment specific file allows you to define settings that are
associated with that environment (possibly being different between environments).

And then there is the personal.env file.  This is where you can put the settings that
you would like to be specific to your development and meant to be different from others
on your team.  This will will be ignored when working with git.

Of special note about these is the order in which they are read in; common, the environment
specific one and then the personal. If a variable appears in two of the env files, the one
in the file that is read in last will be the one with the value when it is written to the 
appName-utils/environments/.genereratedEnvFile/dcEnv-appName-ENV file.

So, you can either update the environment specific file or you can do the personal.env
file.  

#### Run deployenv.sh
After you have the environment files how you want them, than it is time to collect all
of them and create one file to be used for the session that you will run the application
in.  This process will take the common.env file and merge it with the specific env file.
This will take the variables defined in the env specific file and overwrite any duplicate
settings found in the common.env. All other variables will be added to a resultant file.
Then it will then take that resultant file and merge it with the personal.env.  This
will take the variables define in the personal.env file and overwrite any duplicate
settings found the resultant file.   And any new variables will be added.

The end result is one file that has all the variables in all three env files merged
together, with any duplicated variables having the value in the last env file that it
was found in.  The resultant file will then be placed in the directory:

    /baseDirectory/appName/appName-utils/environments/.generatedEnvFiles

The script and arguments to set up this environment file is(from within dcUtils):

    deployenv.sh --type TYPE --env ENV --appName THE_APPLICATION_NAME

where the options are:

    --type TYPE                          # TYPE is one of instance or docker
    --env ENV                            # ENV is one of local, dev, staging, prod
    --appName THE_APPLICATION_NAME  # application name you have wish to configure
                                         # the environment for

For local development the options will be --type docker --env local (which are both
the default values so if you are building for this enviornment than you don't have to
specify the optinos)  and then whatever you have as the appName will be the value for
the appName argument. 

#### Modify the docker-compose.yml
A basic template is provided for the docker-compose.yml and is placed in the directory:

    /baseDirectory/appName/appName-utils/config/local

This will need to reflect the services that you are using for the application.
Most likely the only thing you would have to do with these is to comment out a container
if you are not going to be using it for your local development if assistance is needed,
reach out to devops.center support.

#### Start the application
At this point all the necessary administrative duties have been addressed and starting
the application is as simple as using the command (from within dcUtils):

    start-dc-containers.sh

NOTE: if you have multiple applications in your base directory you will need to add
the --appName option to signify which one you are starting

#### Stop the application
And then to stop the application (from within dcUtils):

    stop-dc-containers.sh

NOTE: if you have multilpe applications in your base directory you will need to add
the --appName option to signify which one you are stopping

### Multiple base directories - Work Spaces
By default the idea of working with the devops.center environment is that there is 
one default workspace named: default.  This default workspace has a directory 
associated with it, and all the applications would reside side by side in this
directory.  By doing this, it is easier to automate setting up environment variables
specific to an application.  The framework knows this because the information is 
written in: $HOME/.dcConfig/baseDirectory.  When you create your first application
this file will be constructed and the directory will placed into the file with the
workspace name set to 'default'.  

If you have the need or desire to support multiple workspaces (say you have two 
customers or you just want to keep two or more applications separate), you can use
the --workspaceName (-w) option on any of the scripts and specify the workspace you
want to reference.  The script will read the $HOME/.dcConfig/baseDirectory file and
determine the base path for that name and use it appropriately.  You will need to 
use the --baseDirectory (-d) option when building a new application with  manageApp.py 
and using the --workspaceName option.  This should be the only time you would need to
add the --baseDirectory option with manageApp.py

Also, if you are going to be doing a lot of work in this workspace you can use the
switchWorkspace.sh script to change the default workspace to this name.  Then you 
would not have to give the --workspaceName option each time you execute a script.
To set the default to the new workspaceName execute:

    switchWorkspace.sh -n new-name

If you don't provide an option it will give you a help message and show you what the
current default workspace name is.  If you want to go back to the default unnamed 
workspace, enter the word "default" as the new name.


#### Additional information on the internals of dcUtils
- process_dc_env.py
This script will take the key/value pairs from the environment files and
make them available to the running script's environment.  The process that is
used to get those key/value pairs into the environment may have an impact on
values that have spaces in them.  In order to selectively isolate the items for
the value with spaces, the value is quoted.  So, there is a possibility that
the downstream use/access to these values may need to be aware of these quotes
and strip them if necessary.  This is intended to be used by either shell
scripts of python scripts.  See the test scripts in ${dcUTILS}/tests for
examples of each type of script and the usage.


TODO ... need more 

- appName/.dcMapDir

- appName/environments/.generatedEnvFiles

- unique stack name


## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://gist.github.com/PurpleBooth/b24679402957c63ec426) for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to us.

## Versioning

We use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning. For the versions available, see the [tags on this repository](https://github.com/your/project/tags). 

## Authors

* **Bob Lozano** - *Initial work* 
* **Josh NAME** - *Initial work*
* **Trey NAME** - *refinements for version 1*
* **Gregg Jensen** - *refinements and extension for version2* 


## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

## Acknowledgments

* Hat tip to anyone who's code was used
* Inspiration
* etc
